New climate strike (#3341)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2025-09-17-climate-strike/index.md

---
title: 'We are striking!'
date: '2025-09-20'
tease: 'usegalaxy.eu closes job-queue on September 20th to support climate strike'
tags: [Freiburg, s4f, society]
subsites: [all-eu, freiburg]
main_subsite: eu
---
# Climate Crisis does not wait for your jobs to finish!

> The next global climate strike will be on **Friday, September 20th, 2025**! As last time, the Freiburg Galaxy Team is going to express its support more directly: the team will be striking in [Freiburg](https://freiburgforfuture.de/), if you are nearby join us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next global climate strike will be on **Saturday, September 20th, 2025**! As last time, the Freiburg Galaxy Team is going to express its support more directly: the team will be striking in [Freiburg](https://freiburgforfuture.de/), if you are nearby join us!
```

> The next global climate strike will be on **Saturday, September 20th, 2025**! As last time, the Freiburg Galaxy Team is going to express its support more directly: the team will be striking in [Freiburg](https://freiburgforfuture.de/), if you are nearby join us!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Climate strikes are going to take place across Germany this **Saturday, September 20th, 2025**! As last time, the Freiburg Galaxy Team is going to express its support more directly: the team will be striking in [Freiburg](https://freiburgforfuture.de/), if you are nearby join us!
```
